What the hell did you say?
The eldest young master said that the attack was blocked.
He can't get in
Let's run for our lives
I'll go to your mom
Full of nonsense
full body curvature
This is the handwritten department of the eldest young master
Li Jiahao, hurry up and let me go
What should the second young master do now?
or
Why don't we let him go?
It's not scary, the surname Wu won't let us go
Take the hostage and fight for the surnamed Wen, let me go
No one, hurry back to Lao Tzu
Or I will attack him
Lao Yan, don't worry about me, save the villagers first
Li Jiahao
Make a fuss about a woman
What the hell kind of man are you?
It's not my father who asked you if you would return it or not.
If you don't return it, I'll shoot
I don't want to surrender
You let us surrender
You can't surrender!
Married to Lao Tzu
Second Young Master, when is this?
We see this little girl, we surrender
I'm going to your mother to squat and surrender, put the knife under the tip
Second Young Master, we can't escape
Resisting any longer is a dead end
Dog, you dare to betray me
Second young master, it's not my fault
If you want to surrender, you have to vote
Don't you move
I accidentally hurt you, what should I do?
Big jump I take it
I'm honest